the story of the three little pigs by
Riley Weber available for the Kindle and
the iPad once upon a time there were
three little pigs their mother always
said to the best you can it was time for
the three little pigs to build their own
homes one of the pigs chose to both
wield his helm a strong another pink
chose to build his home out of stick
pigs these two pigs wanted to sing and
dance all day so they build their homes
quickly the third pig built his home out
of brick which was a little stronger it
took him a little longer to build his
home there was a wolf who was watching
the people he was hungry for pig pig
yeah
he chased the pigs back into their home
he knocked on the door of the first Pig
with the straw if he didn't let him in
the big bad wolf huffed and puffed and
blew the straw home in the pig ran to
the next door Let Me In or I'll huff and
puff and blow your house in by the hair
of my chinny-chin-chin
the home in the toothaches brand in the
third head the home of the brick not let
me know huff and puff and blow your
house and it's not by the hair of our
chinny chin chin and set the pigs the
wolf huffed and puffed and blew up
trying to blow the house in the pigs
were safe inside they didn't get its
loading the one wanting another way in
so he climbed the roof one the pig saw
him but the piglet a roaring fire in the
fireplace put a pot of water and climbed
in slowly the rack fell directly in the
boiling pot of water and that was the
end of the troubles with the big bad
wolf
the other two pigs built a current home
to be safe and now they met happily ever
after